Update checklist.md (#1953)
near/docs: docs/2.build/2.smart-contracts/security/checklist.md

## Callbacks
8. All private callbacks are marked as `private`

> 9. All cross-contract calls have a callback
> 10. All callbacks checks for errors and rolls back the state if necessary
> 11. All callbacks returns money to the `predecessor` if necessary
> 12. Callbacks are free of `panic!`
> 13. All the callbacks are given enough GAS to execute entirely
> 14. The contract is not left in a exploitable state between a cross-contract call and its callback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. All cross-contract calls have a callback
10. All callbacks check for errors and roll back the state if necessary
11. All callbacks return money to the `predecessor` if necessary
12. Callbacks are free of `panic!`
13. All the callbacks are given enough GAS to execute entirely
14. The contract is not left in an exploitable state between a cross-contract call and its callback
```
